As information is shared upstream and downstream,
supply chain partners are able
to make well-informed decisions.
The results of these good decisions include
reducing cost, improving quality,
and having the flexibility to improve the overall service
across the entire supply chain.
The supply chain's focus should always be
on improving quality wherever possible.
This includes having the right stakeholders
in the decision making process
to help throughout the entire supply chain.
This should be done by reaching as far back
into the supply chain as possible.
One example would be how the facility
can work with the prime vendor to repackage items.
Let's say a facility orders an item
that may come in a high unit of measure,
such as by the case.
If an entire case is not needed
and there is limited space to store the item
in the primary storage area,
the facility may request the item be repackaged
from the Prime Vendor.
By taking such an action,
this will allow the breakdown of the item
to go from a higher unit of measure,
such as a case, to a lower unit of measure,
as in by a box or each individual item.
As a result, the facility will receive the item
in the quantities needed to deliver patient care
without overstocking or taking valuable shelf space
away from other needed clinical items.
Working as far back in the supply chain as possible
is also beneficial when applied to equipment.
An example of this would be to take
a commercial off the shelf, or COTS, equipment item
and customize it to meet the specific needs of the VA
when a government off the shelf, or GOTS,
item is not available.
This could also create an opportunity to remove or reduce
some of the functions of the equipment
if they are not needed for performance.